i feel like i've been abducted by aliens
and they're about to aimly probe me
you know what i'm talking about yeah
that sweater feels like i've come to
your house and you're ready like you've
opened your mind up to me
it seems like we're we're on a more
human you know
level rather than like an objective
specimen level does that make sense
yeah i'm glad you feel that way
train and i had to arrange for our
what what are you what are you drinking
man that sounded satisfying holy [ __ ]
you know
uh you know so you know i'm persian
yeah and a lot of iranians a lot of
persians they say
earl grey tea is the closest thing to
persian tea but i actually disagree
i think english breakfast is so this is
english breakfast
yeah i don't think earl grey reminds me
of you know persian tea i don't know if
i've really had persian tea but i've had
you know tea from the mena region
and i i mean earl grey is like there's
not there isn't hint of
i i'd agree i'd say english breakfast
but earl grey is like
the bergamot is like or bergamot or
however you pronounce it
it doesn't seem to be there yeah there
is like a
they taste similar but there's like a
distinct difference in earl green for
some reason earl grey gives me a
stomachache
it's really weird yeah maybe maybe the
the citrus oils or whatever
yeah yeah it's probably something like
that i just don't like that little
aftertaste either so
yeah english breakfast is the way to go
how have you been
good man um staying busy
but good cool good good good um
a lot of my patients are really
struggling right now so i've been
a little bit busier i'm sorry yeah
covet's hard on people's mental health
it is we didn't we didn't quite realize
yeah kovit's been uh yeah
definitely uh causing me some anxiety
just like uh like
i feel like visiting my parents i'm
stuck in this uh
i'm stuck in this like i'm just like
filled with anxiety
and stress because i want to go see my
parents really bad i miss them you know
i love them
and you know they want me to come real
badly too and
i understand there's like you know
instant tests this and that but even
just
even a 0.01 chance of me somehow
catching it
and giving it to them i just would never
forgive myself but on the other hand
if i keep pushing it back and this never
ends
you know who knows what happens you know
life comes at you fast so
i just i don't know a decision to make
does that make sense
yeah of course man um and are your are
your parents like
are they in the u.s is it okay i mean
yeah it docks you or anything but just
no you're good
no no they're in arizona okay so you'd
have to fly to see them
yeah i would i mean i could drive but
that always freaks my mom out and it
gives her a lot of she just hates
you know she doesn't want me driving
long distances so it's a long way man
yeah 14 hours that is a long time so i'd
have to i'd have to stop some more which
defeats the entire purpose of driving
yeah yeah that sounds sounds really
tricky i think a lot of people are
struggling to figure out what the right
thing to do is
yeah um you know fingers crossed
hopefully a vaccine is around the corner
and
and we'll have uh you know we'll finally
get some control over coved yeah
definitely
knock on wood yeah nothing
over um yeah so train is there something
in particular that you wanted to talk
about today or
um
hmm
i mean you know to be frank
i just you know i miss your company
cool man i enjoy talking to you you know
it's not often i get to talk to uh
you know somebody like you and you know
we get to bounce back
you know bounce our ideas back and forth
you know and uh
i don't get much of that depth uh you
know around these parts of twitch people
are usually more
you know you kind of get what you see
and and what do you end up getting from
other people
just surface level that's it i'm not
sure if that's
uh you know the end i doubt that is but
i don't think very many people like to
open up on twitch um with each other at
least right maybe with you yes
but with each other i think it's more
surface level stuff i think everyone's
always playing uh
you know there's always a politics to
play you know people don't want to give
their vulnerability vulnerabilities
right because they could be used as a
weapon against them which i don't blame
them that's kind of just the world we
live in
yeah so it's unfortunate isn't it it is
and and what do you um
i'm happy to answer these questions that
i'm about to ask you
as well but what do you appreciate about
our conversations
um for the most part
i appreciate the
um unbiasedness i appreciate the like
objectivity to it i appreciate
um you know
uh you know don't get me wrong i live a
very fortunate life
you know i'm in a very fortunate place
especially during covet you know i have
an amazing job make a lot of money
um but definitely
i think it's always an uphill battle
when it comes to
people's first impressions of me right
with you
even if you may have felt anything
negative
about me i feel like you had the wisdom
to put it aside and you know actually
talk to me and give me a chance that way
so that's what i enjoy
i mean uh train just thinking a little
bit i think you've faced a lot of
judgment bro
a lot of judgment
yeah some of it
justified some of it not but
don't we all though i think we all do to
a certain degree
i mean so you're saying a couple of
things that um
maybe can be kind of a threat of this
discussion you sort of say you're
fortunate
almost like a disclaimer yeah i wanted
to
yeah i wanted to make that clear because
for some reason uh so like
on usually i'd leave that out but
on like obviously you know
i don't want to say as a public figure
it just sounds very weird but like as a
public figure i guess
for some reason if you're successful
and have money then you don't have a
right to
you know cry about how you feel because
you're better than 99
you know you better often the 99 percent
that don't have money that think money
solves everything
would trade all of their troubles to
just have money right but they don't
realize once they get it they'll realize
that
you know that there's no amount of money
that would ever solve or fix
the troubles within does that make sense
yeah so i i i that is a disclaimer
because it seems like that's what people
latch on to right oh the big old you
know streamer that's living in the one
percent he's sad
oh big deal right so i just kind of i
said as a disclaimer just to avoid like
20 minutes of talk yeah i i hear that
and what i'm kind of curious about is
like what is it like to not
allowed to be sad
i don't know hey
i don't i mean i don't mean to uh
for this it's not that deep for me like
i think people i think the people that
you know care for me
they don't do that and the people that
kind are just there there's kind of
trash talking i just trash talking back
it's like that simple i i don't really
scurry away into my corner and say oh
this is [ __ ] up i just say yo
you know suck my dick
does that make sense yeah yeah so it's
not like that deep yeah yeah
let let me let me just make sure i got
you so so
on the one hand you kind of acknowledge
that you are lucky and fortunate in a
lot of ways
um some of the people that i've worked
with i i i've had
the opportunity to work with really all
walks of
life um anywhere from working in a
prison to working with
um you know successful startup
ceos and and one of the things is
sometimes like sometimes they do get
judged very harshly and it can be really
hard
to not be allowed to suffer but what i'm
hearing from you is that you actually do
have a pretty
like you do feel like you are allowed to
be sad like you don't necessarily have
to do it in public
and there's sort of the public persona
where you don't have to like cry me a
river
kind of thing but that you know if you
have authentic feelings you have people
to share them with and it's not too big
at all
for sure yeah yeah 100 for sure
there's definitely a lot there's a lot
of the good you know
the good viewers it's taking me a long
time to realize that don't get me wrong
you know
three four years to realize that you
know i used to focus on the negative i
think this was just like six seven
months ago
i was just focused on all the negative
and i kind of was ignoring the
positive and i realized that i was kind
of reinforcing and perpetuating
you know the negative because that was
the only way they got attention and now
i see all the positive and there's a lot
of positive there really is some days
i think the negative you know goes
overboard but i think
most days it's a lot of positive
comments and a lot of supporters so
i do think i what's up can you tell me a
little bit about the positive
yeah i think they started focusing on
the positive like what kind of
um i think i think
my favorite thing that i've discovered
over the last two three months
is there are people watching that
they have the social intelligence to
recognize when i might not
feel you know worthy or i may not feel
like
i'm worth something to myself and they
reach out on twitter or instagram or
you know in a whisper and they say hey
you saved my life or you changed my life
or without you i'd be going through this
and that
and you know they send those messages
pretty much you know
on on on point when i'm feeling down so
i think i think there's a lot of
supporters that are watching and they
have a pretty good idea they kind of
read me
because of how long they've watched me
so that's kind of what i mean does that
make sense
yeah it makes a lot of sense yeah so so
it's interesting because
you know what i'm if you really listen
to those words what um
what it almost sounds like is they're
thanking you but
what i'm hearing from you is that
they're actually helping you it's not
just an expression of gratitude that
they recognize that maybe you're feeling
a particular way and that like
you know they recognize that you may
need a little bit of tlc
and so they're giving a little bit back
i think they're actually
what i think they're doing is which is
actually kind of beautiful in a way is
they're letting me know that
that i have a purpose
right like in their own way they're
trying to let let me know that
i play a role in their happiness or in
their life
right so like i think it's actually way
deeper and more beautiful than that to
be honest
um but yeah i think yeah just that
i i've noticed that recently for a long
time i just kind of focused on the hate
and
you know don't get me wrong i still go
in and you know do my thing but
for the most part i've recognized a lot
of the lurkers you know coming out and
you know talking to me let me know what
people hate you fortune
um
well that that that little laugh right
there you hear that
yeah there's a lot like i can recognize
a little bit of
cockiness to that laugh kind of like a
here we go right
i think that's what it is does that make
sense
sure they hate you because
you have a cocky response to their
complaints
or is it the cockiness itself no
i'm not it's not that no no no so i
think
i think it's okay so most people that
so here's what i've noticed from a lot
of like new viewers a lot of the new
viewers that i get
they all uh you know as soon as any kind
of bullying talk comes up they go yo
you're the bully
right and then we always show my high
school photo when they always start
laughing and saying holy [ __ ]
right so i think people uh you know
they look at this and they think that
like i've always been here
confidence wise not realizing that
right i'm here because i recognized my
insecurities you know i went through my
periods of insecurity i
still have my insecurities right so i
think it's more so the thing where
there's like a general stereotype for
male gamers or male personalities or
male larger
creators to have some sort of flaw
which don't be wrong i have many of
those you know i mean look at me
you know i look like a gorilla which i
like to be honest i like it right but
anyways
get back to the point i think
there needs to be i feel like okay now
i could be totally wrong here but i
really feel like
not everybody but the vote the most
vocal viewers
i think they need
a a streamer
or someone they watch to have something
that makes them feel better
but i feel like my personality and the
way i go about things no matter
what insults are thrown at me i
hold the certain composure
that they need
to disappear like they need me to like
fall in order
i can't explain like sure maybe i can
help you out in a second but just keep
going
what i'm trying to say is right so if
you notice a lot of the successful
streamers they either make fun of
themselves whether it's
purposefully or accidentally right like
it's either just the
indirect or like passive thing they have
or they're quirky and they're not
realizing it or
it's like a purposeful like you know
degrading themselves in order
you know for people to be able to laugh
and appreciate them right
but if you don't have that or do that i
think there is
some sort of i don't know i've noticed
this throughout
uh twitch like does that make sense i
don't know if that makes any sense
actually
yeah i don't know i think it makes a lot
of sense so train
you know a couple of things that i'm
remembering one is that
you'll frequently mention that you feel
like you're you don't make sense
well i know i make sense
to me the problem is
sometimes i give these like
anecdotal examples that
may not fully you know
uh
clear experience it might not exactly
well yeah
yeah does that make sense so yeah i
think there it is again
[Laughter]
yeah so so let's let me see if i um
understood you so you then you tell me
if this is you know
and then we'll see if it made sense or
not i thought it makes sense yeah so
like
you know i think a lot of times so if we
let's talk about ego for a second okay
sure so our ego i i generally think of
our ego as a defensive mechanism that
protects us from feeling bad
so you know if you call me stupid then
[ __ ] you you're stupid
that's what my ego does right it sort of
like rises up
and then it puts other people down so
usually the way that the ego helps us
feel better about ourselves is it kind
of pumps us up
or it puts other people down and then
the interesting thing is that like if
you think about putting
other people down
there's uh you gain more value
the bigger the person is so if i'm
feeling bad about myself
and then i go if i take a
tree and i i
play against a tree in overwatch
and i win against a plant i don't feel
any sense of satisfaction
right because like if i like if i play
chess against my three-year-old
and i crush her it's like my ego is not
gonna get anything from that
and so the the bigger someone is the
more we gain
from like putting them down right
and i think we see a colossal amount of
hate towards public figures
and i think sometimes they do things
that you know genuinely
speaking or kind of out of line and
stuff like that but i i think generally
speaking i don't think that the
amount of toxicity that public figures
get
get is proportional to like how bad they
are
because generally speaking i think that
like most people are about
in the ballpark of the same amount of
good and bad and it's not true
you know so it's just one person just
happens to be public
but i i have noticed this thing where a
lot of people and you'll see this a lot
like i was trying to understand why
people make hate videos
yeah you know like when a lot of people
make hate videos and like
like i sort of understand that there's a
population that likes
easy to monetize and a lot of people
watch them and stuff and the question is
like why do people
why do people like watching hate videos
why do
people like watching attack videos for
public figures
and i think probably because it makes
them feel better about themselves i'd
really love to talk to someone who like
makes these
hate videos one day like you know one of
these hate farmers and
kind of ask them what motivates you to
make the video that the videos that you
make
is it just no no i think
i think it's a little deeper than that i
think
they truly believe they're doing a
public service
right you can't see
so from your perspective when you see
you know someone make a mistake
right or someone do something from your
perspective you can kind of be like okay
you know
it's it's [ __ ] up but you know we've
all realized that we've all done that
right
some people i think they're they
genuinely believe
they're like doing like some like god's
right hand work like they truly believe
this person is this way
they need to come out with the truth and
let people know let them you know beware
right so i think it's more of like an
ignorance or like not an ignorance it's
like a delusion or it's like some sort
of
it's like some sort of like i don't know
what you'd call it but that's what i
think it is
i don't think it's this thing where
they're thinking like how can i i mean
maybe half of it is how can i get big
off of this i don't think it's this
thing about monetization necessarily i
actually think there that there's
certain people like
you know you know not large creators
like just the small
you know maybe viewers that are creating
or clipping things to try and
uh you know i think i think there's like
a
i don't know it's a god complex or some
sort of complex where they believe
they're doing like
society the good they're the good person
they're outing the bad does that make
sense
yeah yeah why would you call that
delusional
because not always but
i think from most of what i see
i mean i shouldn't say most but from
some of what i see
i think
anyone that had the wisdom or any anyone
that was wise
could kind of step back and like okay
there's a lot missing here
so i think for these individuals the
reason i say delusional for some of them
i think they fill in their own gaps
to portray so like i don't think they're
neces so i think a lot of the time at
least in my experience
i don't think they're telling the full
story they're telling the story that
they
need to be true in order for their ego
to be saved
right this person needs to be this way
they need to be this way right
this isn't just a one-time thing oh
we've done this they've done this no
this is
truly evil and terrible and let me let
me let you let me tell you how right
i think that's what it is does that make
any sense yeah i i mean i think
righteousness is a good word i think you
used it earlier yeah
now this is some right some others
obviously it's fine but
yeah yeah i mean what i'm hearing you
say is that they're
you know their internal compass is that
like the reason that they make such hate
videos is to actually make the world a
better place
it's almost like they protect people
yeah i feel like it's closer to that
yeah yeah i mean they're sort of they're
kind of
protectors of the innocent yeah the
the internet masses yeah protecting them
from
you know these sociopathic influencers
streamers
youtubers whatever yeah
yeah yeah so you know i'm curious
you know i i i think i think what you're
saying has a lot of merit and at the end
of the day
um you know it's been my overwhelming
experience that
you can come up with a theory that's as
brilliant as as you want it to be but
until you actually talk to the person
and really listen to what they have to
say you'll
you won't really know you know yeah
um and one of the things i was kind of
thinking about train so i think
last time when we wrapped up um
my recollection was that like you know
we were talking a little bit about this
icon that people
turn you into and to a certain degree
you like
bear that mantle like you're okay
bearing it but that actually
you know because sometimes people need
someone to hate and and you're like yeah
okay fine i can handle that
um but that actually it does on some
level like make you angry that the way
that people treat you
i don't know if we're back there if it's
been too long or whatever but that was
sort of my recollection of our last
conversation
yes that's right that's on point that's
definitely what we
left off at i know the cure for it
i know that like i know what i need to
do
i think sometimes i just uh don't even
tell you
what the problem is first how would you
describe the problem before we get to
the
cure well i think the problem is so for
example
um it's very weird because
um and this only happens with like
first-time viewers right
my core community they'll [ __ ] around
they'll mess around they'll meme
but a lot of first time viewers that
come in and i realize this from
you know whether it's new accounts or
just followed accounts that are old
um the first you know comments
are usually something along the lines of
like some sort of physical activity or
some sort of
size up right like something like
uh you know you probably have a small
dick or do you know how to fight oh i
you know drop you like it's always like
that's always a starter which tells me
that when people look at me
that they see some sort of
something they need to size up like they
can't just come like hey what's up right
so like i don't know if that's
you know an insecurity on their end i
don't know if it's just you know a vibe
i give off which
i i actually i'm not cause i don't know
i know for a fact that's something
that's just given off even though it's
not
you know i don't mean to and i i've
realized this because recently i i was
testing this thing out with i was
playing among us
and i decided to test out this thing
where
i actually hire the pitch of my voice
and i talk more like i'm asking
questions than i am
making a statement right so so
like i'll give an example so i'm like oh
no yeah no it's okay don't worry about
it no i'll go ahead
right like i'll talk like that and like
suddenly like i'm very well
yeah suddenly i'm like everything's okay
i'm the nicest person in the world
like no one's having any issues like i'm
invited back
right but then as soon as i'm like all
right where were you
tell me what task you're doing suddenly
like you know i'm getting messages like
uh from the person you're scaring them
like you're being a little aggressive
they don't want to play with you
right but it's like i'm not doing
anything right it's only the pitch of my
voice that's changing
and it's like it's some crazy [ __ ] i've
noticed it's crazy [ __ ]
right so
yeah not son you know it's it's weird
train and i i hope i'm not falling into
a trap which i think maybe we can talk
about but
sure i feel like interviewing you like
have you seen the movie beauty and the
beast
yeah of course i feel like this is the
closest i'll ever get to interviewing
the beast
oh my man appreciate that hey you keep
talking like that i'll be buying you a
christmas gift you know what i mean
honestly i mean it's kinda
i'm just kidding sorry um is that a
reference to dick in a box
it is okay at least i'm on i'm on point
there
i was like yeah go ahead it's it's it's
great i appreciate it
um so so but but really train because
what i'm what i'm hearing from you is
sort of like
you know you keep on saying like you
look like a gorilla
and what i what i'm what i'm hearing is
that like people
look at you and they're frightened of
you
and what's it like to be someone that
people are fright like people come in
and they just can't say what's up like
people
you know you have to raise the pitch of
your voice and boy do you sound like a
completely different person
i do don't i it's crazy like i was i was
listening to some uh
i was listening to the vod afterwards
and i was like damn like
this is what people need me to be just
like a total like
i i you know just a total [ __ ] like
they need me to like you know succumb to
their
you know they need me to like do
something that lets them know that like
they're in charge
otherwise like i'm a wild card right
like anything can happen they can
they can't be themselves i might step up
and call them out i might beat them up
like some crazy [ __ ] like that it
doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
how long have people been scared of you
tree people
aren't scared of me i think there was
just uh
i don't want to say they're scared of me
right like that's going to invite in
some [ __ ]
listen i know some badass [ __ ]
is probably watching hey listen i don't
want any trouble
but anyways um let me rephrase how
yeah people been initially reacting to
you with fear
oh since the beginning i still remember
my
beginning middle school
middle school for 100 high school middle
school i'm kind of just
assuming based on my high school
experience so high school i'll explain
to you
high school uh i moved high schools and
i went to this in
this new city new school a whole
different beat different vibe different
culture
different you know um it was an
all-white school it was really weird
right like it wasn't like an all-white
school but like everyone was just
white like i remember like junior year
we had one black kid it was just a very
weird experience because my other
the place i came from the middle school
i went to it was just all mixed it was a
melting pot just everybody was there
and that's kind of what i was used to
right all my boys like um
but anyways go to the school and you
know it was just
man it was non-stop uh
you know it was just psychological uh
bullying right and in those days
there was no there was no attention to
psychological bullying
right back then it was sticks and stones
might break your bones but words cannot
hurt you so that no one paid any
attention to that
and anyways to fast forward we can go
deeper into that stuff
later if you ask any questions relating
to it but fast forward to senior year
i ended up approaching like the main
i don't know what i'd call him the main
kid
that kind of uh like facilitated
you know the the bullying or the hate
and
you know he kind of came to me i went to
him and i'm like yo
like why and he actually apologized he
was super like nice and sweet and
he's like it all came down to freshman
year when you walked through our holes
you were the new kid no one knew you and
when we looked at you you walked around
with your head up high it just seemed
like you thought you owned the place
and we needed to bring you down and let
you know that we own it
right and i'm thinking here like damn so
me walking around with my head high
it tells them that it like they feel
threatened
by me walking around my head high i need
to walk my head down i need to
show some visible insecurity or some
visible sadness or some visible misery
in order for them to be okay and my
entire four years of high school
of bullying was because
of that single walk of the hole right so
so how does it feel to be in that
position
where who you are pisses people off
because that hasn't changed right like
what this that what you just told me
applies to among us
too
because you can't well no no oh
oh i'm so sorry oh oh
oh well among us a little different you
know among
you know among us there's a little bit
more you know i wouldn't say amongst
directly connected
there's a lot more politics going on
among us you know people want to be the
best in the lobby so they can farm the
best youtube clips and continue to be
relevant right
there's a different dynamic going on
there right that's just that's like
content creator
life people it's like survival of most
relevant right if i'm in the lobby
they're not going to get off their plays
or it's going to be harder and they're
going to get one clip instead of 20.
so like that's different like i think
that's just you know
the competitiveness of whatever right so
i don't think
yeah but yeah does that make sense you
just told me that people think that
you're scary what does that have to do
with
hey train you're scaring people a little
bit
can you talk a little bit more like a
[ __ ]
i've never said that but yeah
i mean so so i i understand that like
look i'm not
disputing that the among us
streaming community in high school are
really different situations
well to be further kind of similar there
are so many what shocks me is that
is that like i mean i i think it's like
not unreasonable to draw a parallel
between
walking in with your head held high and
speaking like you normally do
both of those are just being just you
and something tells me that if you had
spoken when you
when they walked when you walked in with
your head held high if you had opened
your mouth and you'd use your among us
voice
they wouldn't have bullied you
oh i'm so sorry what um huh
[Music]
yeah probably not i mean then again like
if you saw the way i looked in high
school i don't know why the hell they
were so [ __ ] intimidated
i mean i guess i did have my you know
you know i slapped my same big
face and big head but damn i was
i was a creature out of sheesh i gotta
show you a picture one of these days
god damn i gotta show you a picture
doctor okay i'm telling you
i'm gonna show you a picture right now
actually screw it why not take a look at
this hold on hold on hold on hold on i'm
happy to see the picture but just
before you show me the picture i'm
curious what do you think my reaction is
going to be
that's a good pho that's a good point i
guess you'll have no reaction but i
guess deep down
whatever's healthy like damn my man
but yeah what do you what do you want
what do you want me what are you looking
for by showing me this picture
i guess i'm holy [ __ ] that's actually
you know what
that is what you just asked me there
just unlocked something that
now that i've like now that i understand
why i keep showing this picture
it's the most logical common sense thing
ever
but i never thought of it before i'm
showing it so you don't
see me this way and you see me that way
so instead
you cannot be threatened just talk me
normal i'm showing you a picture of me
at a point
where i'm just ugly
terrible weak and i'm shown that you're
hoping that when you look at me now
you see that instead of this so you can
just chill holy [ __ ]
because i keep showing this as a
reference point to everyone that i talk
to
with whatever argument i get into and
now like that holy [ __ ]
good [ __ ] good [ __ ] i like that that was
good
holy [ __ ] that was good good stuff yeah
yeah here it is though check that out
hold on i'll check it out in a second
we're not we're not done we're just
getting started okay
sure so like something struck me as
strange and you're like every time we
talk about high school
and then you said we we end up looking
at a picture of me from high school and
i was like
how on earth does that happen do people
go and google what you look like
in high school and i think there's more
to it if you really want me want to show
me the picture that's fine
but what i want i like that i want you
to pay attention
[Music]
to
i want you to pay attention to yourself
so do me a favor actually
can you screen share the picture so that
we see the picture instead of you
yes sir and i want you to pay attention
to what you feel as i look at it
right as you click the button
uh give me a second to make sure okay
uh share your screen make sure this
doesn't mess anything up oh
did i mess anything up no i didn't nope
is this it
there should be it can you see that
okay i'm sorry i couldn't help but laugh
how did you
how did you feel when i looked at that
picture and laughed i felt relieved
i felt good that's what i want i want
i want that's that's all i want i want
you to look at it laugh and now we're
just good
right because like now you have
something of me that made you do that so
now from now on when we talk i mean
obviously this is the case between us
anyways
but what would happen normally is from
now when we talk
if your ego ever tells you this guy is
threatening something
you just go back to this picture plop it
in your image you go okay we're good
never mind look at this dude like
no shot right does that make any sense
can i unsure
yeah you can unsure yeah so i
i think it's a great revelation on your
part and i want to keep digging
is that okay sure whatever you want
so the interesting thing is that that
uh what what i what i felt was that i
judged the picture negatively
no i didn't get that bad no that's
that's what i felt i was like like
that belongs on have you seen this part
of this reddit called blunder years
yeah it reminds me a little bit of
blunder years like
i don't mean to be condescending towards
you but like that was my initial like
it reminded me of like how we all look
super awkward in high school and
and i saw a little bit of myself in that
picture and i was like oh [ __ ]
you know if you see a picture of me in
high school it reminds me yeah
it reminds me of have you seen those uh
those
like movies that have the actors then
like at the end it shows like their high
school photo of like
their entire like metal gear like you
know some some
some [ __ ] uh solar system of braces
on
right like that that's what reminds me
of it reminds me of that like you know
what we see now
you know there's a story behind it right
not all of we didn't look to swear into
our lives we didn't you know we've all
had our
you know whatever yeah so that yeah i
don't know
so like just to kind of draw a couple of
random ass parallels okay
and i'm just gonna start tossing stuff
out train you let me know it sounds like
you've
discovered something important so cool
um
i'm gonna just offer a couple of other
hypotheses one is that
what i'm sort of seeing is that like
you're showing people
hey do you see how i wasn't always the
beast i used to be human
right it's like like you like in beauty
and the beast it's sort of like
you're the beast at that point and
that's what everyone sees and like you
want to show people that
i wasn't always like this and please
remember
that i'm not as scary as i appear yeah
i mean i know what i have to do like i
know what i realistically have to do i
just don't know the patience for it
what are you i just everyone that comes
to me and thinks i'm some sort of
you know [ __ ] beast right you know to
pick something with i just gotta kill
him with kindness that's it i gotta come
with kindness until one day they you
know just say
[ __ ] it right [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm the [ __ ]
right but i just you know i'll keep it a
buck fifty i just say [ __ ] that
and i just you know give him a little
roast back cause i'll tell you what it's
always the weebs
and it's always the overwatch uh uh
viewers
that are always the most judgmental and
it's crazy it's crazy it's bad [ __ ]
because those those two sections have no
place to be judgmental
sorry i went off on a tangent
yeah so train i i wonder if there's a
little bit more to it so like
i have a wild wild wild thought
which is what if when people look at you
they don't see what you think they see
what if they don't see you as scary
well here's the thing
i'm gonna ask you a question okay now
not this dr k
but the the you 20 years ago okay
if you saw someone that was actually
hideous
that was actually overweight would you
sit there
and non-stop call them those names call
them those things let them know that
they're the those things
no you wouldn't right it's only the ones
that you know or not but you need to
keep
saying it to make them smile believe it
right because like if they actually were
you're not right like people who are
actually these things
if they actually were you'd feel bad
saying them right
so like i've come to this conclusion
that
if i was truly this hideous ugly
disgusting beast that scared everyone
right
maybe people wouldn't you know right
like it seems like there's something
else to it doesn't make any sense
i completely agree so then let me ask
you something so your conclusion is that
if people keep on calling you out is
scary you must not be that scary because
if you were really really scary then
like
if people are truly hideous we don't
call them hideous to their face well
no one says scary because like like that
would contradict the entire purpose of
even coming to say anything
if you say someone's scary you're
automatically you're already giving up
the peace that your ego is supposed to
be fighting for right sure good point
yeah it doesn't it doesn't manifest in
your scary yeah it's more so
it it comes through as in like ugly or
something negative just it's it's
something that
i know if it was true they wouldn't say
it instead they'd look and feel bad like
damn
why do you keep calling yourself a girl
why do you keep saying that you look
like a gorilla
i mean i'm going to be honest i i kind
of like it i i think you know i mean i
don't think i look i mean
technically we evolved from them is that
too bad
you feel me yeah i don't
you kind of like it what do you like
about it
it's just
i don't know it's perfect right think
about this
gorillas they're these powerful
creatures right but they just sit there
and
they eat grass it's perfect
right people see me as this guy that's
gonna bend the bars and
beat everyone up and do the worst things
in the world but really i'm just eating
my grass
hanging out doing what i can right does
that make sense so what i'm hearing is
that a gorilla is a good
representation for the way that
you are treated in the way that you are
in the sense that a grill is like
gigantic and can look kind of scary but
they're just sort of chilling
and so you're judged for being sort of
gigantic and kind of scary but you're
just
kind of chilling well to be fair i'm
kind of small right now but yeah
for the most part i would say so i mean
does that mean you're kind of small
right now
well kobit you know i haven't really
done any of my regiments
so uh oh i see you mean like musculature
yeah which is another thing which is
crazy right when i'm big
the problem is even worse i lose my size
and then we're in a new avenue right
oh you look like a skinny [ __ ] bro yeah
i hit the gym again then i hit the gym
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] trying to get
muscles just make you dick bigger like
right like nothing's going to fix your
dick size right like there's always
something right that's life
i think just life there's haters and
there's none right
i just think there's more show in my
head it sounds to me like you can win
oh i don't think i don't i don't think
anyone can win the point is
this is gonna exist no matter what right
you have to accept it and you have to
just
you know put yourself around like for
you to
always have people be unhappy
with who you are
well thank thankfully i've realized
recently that it's only
a vocal minority right like the people i
pay attention to are the positive
commenters and the people that are there
for me the things that i have done that
we have done as a community
right i just pay attention to them now
for a lot that took me a long time
right and even once in a while i'll be
honest you know i'm a little content
starved some you know i'll point a
couple out roast them but i think for
the most part they're gonna exist no
matter what
you just to focus on the more positive
ones and not give them
but here's the craziest part that i've
noticed the ones that are doing this
i don't even know if it's right to call
them
like haters or whatever you want to call
them because i've noticed they're
actually
it's this weird thing they're actually
more loyal than the positive ones
my most loyal like the ones that like it
feels like they die for me in some weird
sadistic criminal minds aaron hochner
way
or ones that should talk me right now
don't get me wrong i love the ones that
are positive they're loyal as hell too
but it seems like
the most diehard it isn't even like a
pure hatred they want to bring me down
it seems like in order to continue to
watch me
they need to do it to justify it for
themselves i don't know it's some weird
[ __ ] [ __ ] well so
let's not worry about the minority for a
second because you're sort of talking
about the minority but what i'm hearing
is that this has been like
this doesn't sound like a minority issue
to me this sounds like you've been
judged for your appearance
and your voice like every person that
you
talk to you have these thoughts about
not wanting to scare them you have these
thoughts of like
eventually showing them the picture so
that they are not scared of you
that doesn't sound to me like you're
responding to the minority that sounds
to me like you're
responding to a fact of life yeah you're
right i'm kind of just downplaying right
now because i feel like
i feel like the the problem with being
in that situation is
the very situation itself
it's almost like what is it what is it
it's a paradoxical situation
because the people that that the peop
let me explain why what that means okay
here's why it's this weird thing that
can never be solved and never be fixed
because the people
that do it passively they don't
recognize it because they don't actually
when they look at me they don't see it
as this unfair treatment
they in their minds have come to a
conclusion based on certain things that
i do
or whatever the case might be right and
it is
this objective rational thing that
they've come to you know
to a conclusion of right like this isn't
something that like so when you point it
out
it sounds like i'm not taken responsibly
for something i'm doing
and if it's not right and if it's not
that
then what i'm saying doesn't exist i'm
delusional right like there's no solving
it because the people
yeah i get that so here's my question
what's it like to be on the receiving
end of
all of that like it sounds like you
can't win
like they look at you they judge you
like
if you point it out to them it feels
delusional
if you try to be yourself they're scared
of you in an among us lobby
you know and and so then you have to go
through all these hoops and gymnastics
of showing them high school pictures so
that they're like
what is it like to like walk around and
and like
have to convince people that you're not
scary like holy [ __ ] man
well that's not even the saddest part
okay the saddest part
is i don't even have like for 90
of the people i meet it's not even the
case where i have an
opportunity to show them i'm not this
person
right it's i'm just disconnected
instantly and i don't know why
right i'll send a message like yo i'm
sorry if i you know did this or did that
and like it's just like
right because that's the best way i've
noticed people like to
deal with their stuff right they just
totally remove it from their lives
instead of facing and seeing what made
them feel this way and what actually i
might have done
right which might have been something
who knows right i think a lot of people
i've had a lot of friends reach out to
me saying yo you know when you said [ __ ]
you to me that sounded like a
terror right like right like it sucks
okay
i can't like for example okay on the
podcast if i like
get excited and argue everyone thinks
i'm this in this [ __ ] crazy
aggressive mood
i'm just excited like i wonder if i had
a higher pitched voice
do i have the right to be excited in my
arguments but since i have a deeper
pitched voice and i get excited
i'm going to war with them and all of a
sudden they think i'm coming at them
right it so it sucks yeah but i guess
that's
how it is i don't know
does that make any sense yeah entirely
too much
i mean listen my mom has told me this
since i was a kid though dr k
mom told me listen you have a deep voice
when you get excited
you know you kind of you know get a
little aggressive
right one day someone's going to punch
you in the face she told me that she
drove my [ __ ] head drew down my head
drill down my head for so long
right and that eventually that's kind of
what started happening not
physically punching the face but you
know over the internet people would be
like [ __ ]
you know the [ __ ] back the [ __ ] up right
and then we get into an argument we're
gonna talk for three weeks
but i was just excited in an argument
does that make any sense makes a lot of
sense so i have i have a
wild thought okay and this is probably
the most
wrong thought that i will have
in a conversation with you but i'm going
to share it anyway
so when i think about
so sometimes i work with people who
don't aren't confident let's say
in the way that they approach i'll just
assume a heteronormative stance for a
second
so like we'll we'll talk about you know
gamers who have trouble talking to women
so we're assuming the gamer's a dude
we're assuming they're heterosexual and
we're assuming that they
like women okay and so then there's
something really wild which is that like
they say that yeah the reason that i
have trouble
talking to women is because i am
terrible
and i'm ugly and i have a small jaw
and all these other things they'll sort
of use this bio-deterministic
approach to explain
why people respond to them the way that
they do
right it's not my fault it's just women
judge me this way
and so the wild thing that when i work
with these people is that
what we actually find is that it's the
insecurity itself
that is based on this belief that
women don't like them that is what makes
them unattractive to women
yeah and so here's the wild thing that i
have for you
train is that is does the same apply to
you is it your belief that you're scary
is it is it your mom drilling into you
like just imagine what that does to a
kid when your mom tells you
hey by the way you're a scary looking
kid and if you get excited
people are gonna dislike it like that
plants a seed in your mind and i'm
almost wondering whether
the reason people think you're scary is
because you
think you're scary i don't think i'm
scary
the point that that's what i'm trying to
say i don't think i'm scary
i know myself i'm a [ __ ] teddy bear
i mean right like you think you think
people think you're scary
i wouldn't say scary i would say i think
there's an intimidation factor
somewhere there where they feel like
they i need to be you know they need to
size me up just to let me know
i don't think it's a scary thing i think
scary is a little bit of an extreme i
think yeah there's
definitely there's an intimidation thing
but i don't know
i'm not right like it's not like i'm
still i i don't know
yeah so so here's what should i do in
your opinion then to not
give off i i know this this sounds this
sounds like
so like i said this is probably the
thing that i may be the most wrong about
right but i think that if if this
happens to be right even if it's
you know the low light likelihood that i
think it could actually change a lot of
your interaction so like let's just go
through two scenarios right one is that
yeah you know you're a smart guy and
and you've made lots of observations
about your life and you've noticed the
way that you're treated and it's like
the height of arrogance for me to tell
you that your experiences
have been incorrectly interpreted by you
right
i mean you've grown up with your face
and your voice
well i've been told these things right
sure of course of course
right just like the incels say about
like
i've been i have all this data they give
me tons and tons of data about why
they're unattractive
they point to all sorts of things so
you know you know so so it's like it
like so it's
it's very it's the height of like
psychiatric arrogance to dismiss
your experiences based on some beautiful
theory
that is mind-blowing that i've
constructed right it's like the worst
mistake that my profession makes is when
i say
you are wrong train here is really
what's going on with you it's all in
your [ __ ] head
so i could be making the biggest mistake
of my profession right now
and at the same time there's a part of
me that wonders
you know like how much of this is like
your
perception that people think you're
scary
and almost like an over compensation
for insecurity that signals insecurity
right because you know you're a teddy
bear and you have to start raising your
voice
which then sort of like maybe that's
like it's the overcompensation that's
actually kind of like people are like
not quite sure
i don't really know here i think it's
just it's like it's just a thought that
i had
well i'll tell you the exact process
that it goes through okay
so it's not the case that i talk to
someone and
someone is standoffish and i'm like oh
damn i must have scared them that's not
the case right like what happens is
i something happens and then i'm not you
know invited back or they stop talking
to me or they get
very weird and i i sense that i don't go
okay well
must have been hey you know they must
have just got scared of my voice just
real quick i actually sit there and i
think okay
what could i have done i must have said
something i must have did something
that i sit through this process and then
i reach out i send
a nice like well-written apology saying
yo i'm sorry if i offended you in any
way
i'm looking through this i don't see
what i've said but i had no intention
right
and then that's when i'll get the
response back right like and there's
many people uh big figures that i've
some some you've talked to some you
haven't
that have just directly said hey and i
can name names if you'd like they've
said
listen you have this aggressive
vibe to you your your voice
mixed in with your emotion scares people
these are the exact words written to me
by very credible
and like brand friendly like people like
direct messages
this exactly and i was very shocked that
they'd admit this because
no no one will they'd rather just put it
on me than admit it because it's a
direct
you know a conflict with their ego if
they admit it right so the fact that
this person
these people have admitted this only
after we've become
such you know does that make sense yeah
it makes sense i i just don't want to
accept that
i i don't like i'm having trouble i
realized why i'm offering this crazy
theory
i don't want to accept that you have to
live a life where people are scared of
you for you just being you
i don't think they're scared of me
whatever call it whatever you want i
just don't
i that hurts too much for me to think
about
so i i'm just for a way to disprove that
because i don't want that to be true and
there's
i think a lot i think a lot of people
don't want to be true either
i mean like over the last like four
years i i think i've been saying this
for a long time
and a lot you know it all started with
your delusional right ego andy
delusional like
not can't take responsibility then you
know a year goes by some people are like
holy [ __ ] you're right what the [ __ ] two
years goes by
now i'm at a point where there's content
creators that i don't even know that i'm
seeing post
things of me saying if train did this
people would freak the [ __ ] out
right when this guy does it they're cool
with it like
i see this everywhere now people that
i'm not even connected to because people
are slowly
the more i talk about it the more people
are stepping back and they're realizing
holy [ __ ]
six people just did this yesterday train
did one tenth of this
and there's 15 head threads and six news
articles and trying to get them banned
right
like it's there unfortunately you know
you know really what i want to do
i don't know if this is this is probably
a bad idea so i'm just going to share
this thought kind of randomly like i
wonder if we ever meet in person
you're you're in texas right yes so we
were thinking about as healthy gamer
doing sort of like an austin meetup
at some point and and what i'm just
really curious about this is probably a
terrible idea so we you know shouldn't
do it for all kinds of reasons
i'm really curious what i want to do is
i i want to introduce you to my kids
and i just want to see how they react
and if my kids are scared of you
boy is that going to hurt but i think
but if if they're not scared of you then
like i think we've got to go back to the
drawing board
i don't think they'll be scared of me
most kids that i meet like
they love me right like and
i don't know what like why do you think
that is why do you think it is that
adults are
i know scared as a strong word but you
know
because they have nothing to be
threatened by that's not it's not even a
thought in their head like
they don't like upon entrance of the
room they don't think oh damn
the [ __ ] like this guy walks in like
my girlfriend [ __ ] this guy like they're
not thinking they're not there all
they're thinking about is like
trade you're so deep into these people's
heads man that's wild
like just think about how much you're
inferring about someone else's thought
process
i i think i think it's just a
i don't think it's like something that's
like i think it's just basic human [ __ ]
to be honest right it's like a flight or
flight thing right like if i
right like if i see someone that's you
know right there's people i look at
listen i do it too and i have to step
back like holy [ __ ] this is what happens
to me i don't like it i gotta not do
this guy i i'm respond
i am guilty of doing what people do to
me to others
there's people i look at i'm like damn
this [ __ ] like can i act myself
can i be wild they're going to chill out
around this guy i might slap the [ __ ]
out of me right
i do the same thing right that's how i
can recognize it so well because i'm
guilty of it just just as everyone else
has their person that they're guilty of
it with too i think
the part of it is once you go through
yourself you really right there's a
wisdom to it
until you get to a certain point of
maturity maybe i don't know but
i've done it myself and i've i've
actually had to hold back my damn
this isn't right this isn't fair i don't
like this why the [ __ ] would he and i
end up meeting the guy and
you know sometimes he's actually a great
guy and sometimes he is actually a dick
well so that actually makes me a little
bit hopeful because
because what we tend to do as human
beings is apply
our own internal calculus to other
people
right so like just to give you an
example like a projection right yeah
like projecting
yeah so like like so for example um
you know i don't care about birthdays
and events and christmas and stuff like
that like i
enjoy christmas as a holiday with family
but gift giving has never really been
something that's important to me so
you know if my wife like gets bent out
of shape because she doesn't get me a
gift for her she was like bent out of
shape because like
my birthday rolled around and like there
wasn't a gift and i was like
you know but what she was doing in that
moment is
is assuming that i was going to react to
the
same situation the way that she would
and on the flip side
you know like sometimes i won't get her
a gift or or you know i've learned now
because i'm still married and you can't
stay married unless you learn
um but like you know i've kind of
learned but for a while like i didn't
prioritize gift giving for her because i
was like what
you know no big deal like i'll just get
you something at a random date because i
think it's
something that you'll like i don't have
to get it for an occasion
yeah and so i used to assume that she
had my thinking
and she used to assume that i had her
thinking when it comes to giving gifts
and that's just something that human
beings do and and that's what i'm kind
of saying is like
so first of all i admit that like like i
said i could be wrong
secondly i also admit that i have a i
care about you
and i don't want to accept
that you live in the world that you live
in
and so i'm going to go as far as
disputing that your reality is real
with the hopes that maybe it doesn't
have to be that way
now you make the most convincing
argument if you give me an
insult if you give me a narcissist
if you give me someone who has a history
of trauma
i feel pretty [ __ ] confident that
their perception of reality is wrong
and i am right i think the tricky thing
here is that you i think make the
strongest case
for your perception of reality being
right
which gives me a sliver of a hope that
like
something about the way that you
interact with people
actually creates the very thing that you
have learned to accept and that's the
other thing is like like
since you've learned to accept that
people treat you this way you know it
hurts and it sucks but you're just sort
of like that's life right like what am i
gonna do sit around and [ __ ] about it
like i still have a lot to be grateful
for
you know i've learned how to deal with
it and that also makes me sad because
it's like
i just don't want you to live a life
where like people are judging you this
way and i wonder a little bit
it's like this picture thing i think
there's more than meets the eye to this
whole situation
you just you just mentioned way too much
that you look like a gorilla
well there's one common thing i've been
told my entire life by everybody
love hate great you know friends enemies
there's one thing that's used to
describe me that's been common among
among everybody everyone says when they
meet me
and they say this about my eyes they say
i'm very
intense the way my eyes like stare like
it's very intense
i've been talking about everybody so
like maybe when we meet
you can do a little you know diagnosis
on that or whatever the hell you call it
right
and and that could be the start of
everything right like
i mean people listen on a more joking
side
people go as far as saying you know i
look like
i've been through six wars some crazy
[ __ ]
right i remember my first girlfriend my
first girlfriend told me she looks in my
eyes and all she sees is darkness
right this is about my entire life okay
i'm telling this isn't some things i'm
just coming in my head
i'm being told these things like some
crazy [ __ ] and then right like and then
you know
there is the actor from the punisher he
works like six different movies
but it's always the punisher right
always the punisher it's never
you know the guy from walking dead right
i think i was one time with austin right
it's always the punisher it's always
something to do
with war or f i'm i'm telling you it's
crazy [ __ ] it's crazy [ __ ] but hey
i'd rather be this way than you know one
of those you know
one of those weebs you know i'd rather
be this way then you know what i'm
saying
that was a joke that was that was me
just making it yeah
yeah yeah all right sorry no i'm just
i'm just looking at sorry
yeah my bad i'm just gonna look at you
for a second is that okay okay i'll look
at you too
maybe i need to do my eyebrows you know
i've been telling you to do my eyebrows
more
can you can you shut up for a second
train
you're not a scary guy man i know you
know what's crazy
when i tell jokes i have to and
hey you can ask my chat about this look
my vods i have developed this thing this
habit
over the last 10 years of my life where
i
have to every time i make a joke i need
to add a
fake laugh at the end of the joke it's
like a little chuckle to let people know
this is a joke right i'm telling you i'm
just i have this like very
i don't know what it is right yeah i
mean it's probably my fault but
you know that's it right there that was
it i can
i i can get behind it i i think i'm
convinced
i'm convinced that people look at you
and are intimidated
i'm convinced makes me sad
but i i don't think it's all in your
head i do still think that there are
elements of projection or almost like
this sort of projective insecurity like
you know like you know you're kind of
thinking like oh my god i'm so scary
and so like because the the truth the
truth i'm not thinking that though
because that's not the truth right like
if you and i talked deeper into it
i don't think i'm that because i know
what i actually am
that's the problem that's why that's why
i have to show the high school photo if
i truly thought i was scary
i wouldn't show the high school photo
i'd be like yeah what's up right
i need to show the high school photo
yeah no you
you would that's why you show the high
school photo right because you're
showing the high school photo to dispel
the myth that you are scary it's not
that you're scary on the inside
it's that you're the beast you're scary
on the outside
you've got this kind of like you know
ape-like countenance and intense
gaze a physical imposing kind of thing
and and and i'm just really torn because
i don't know if this is just like
you know just play to it right because
this is just what's what god has given
you
and you've got a deep voice and and you
know you are
and then there's a part of me that's
sort of like it's it's got to be tough
to be
you know to walk around and not be able
to talk i've heard this from women
actually
that like women have to learn like
especially in like high-powered
professions they have to learn
how to be how like use a different voice
i've heard of that actually
there are it's called something i've
heard of that we talked about that last
podcast actually
that in certain situations they have to
change their voice and thank you vocal
something
yeah vocal friend vocal fry sorry vocal
fry yeah yeah yeah so they'll like
they'll like add vocal fry to their
language so that
people don't think that they're a cold
[ __ ] and so they'll be sort of like
ditzy or valley girl or call it whatever
i i've
actually talked to women who sort of had
these experiences and i'm wondering
whether
yeah it's hard train i don't know i just
want you know because
something tells me like because my my
kids know the disney tropes and if
you're a scary looking dude i'm pretty
sure you know
one of my kids is kind of a scaredy cat
and i think if she's not scared of you
i i i'd sort of trust her
and i i think i i've i've never met a
kid that's scared of me
kids so so that's the other thing train
is i i think you've got to really think
about that right like because kids are
pretty
like they're pretty surface love i mean
in a sense they're surface level and in
the sense they're deep
and and and something makes me wonder
like why is it that
you've like what is it that the kids see
that the adults don't and what's the
difference there
it's it's not about what the kids see in
the adults don't it's what the kids
don't and what the adults see
right as you grow older there's
different stereotypes and social like
constructs or social standards that are
set such as what you said earlier right
the in cells say i don't have a jawline
she's not going to like me right
so when you point that out right thank
you
so thank you so much so
actually ludwig said the same thing like
two days ago but anyways so
just kidding but seriously but anyways
right when you point out that an incel
says
you know i have a small jawline she's
not gonna like me you're
you're literally right there it's being
admitted that
there is this weird social
uh uh uh standard set that if you have a
stress
strong jawline if you have a deep voice
if you look like a man then you're a
true man and without that you're not a
man right
so it's these things i think it's that
right i think it's insecurity
so right here's here's my experience
people who have
who i've met that have treated me normal
and they've been the coolest people in
the world
they could be the ugliest the most
beautiful they share one thing
confidence when they have
self-confidence there is
nothing there's none of this none of
this ever right
like a good example is will neff right i
think will neff
has a a a a
strong uh uh grasp of who he is at least
for now with where he is in life i don't
know and
i think he has a confidence when he sees
me he doesn't see me as this
he talks me like we're talk like like
we're souls floating in the sky
right so there's different people that
i've met that have just a true
confidence
and i never have that issue with it's
usually
you know and when i say true confidence
it's understanding and being one with
your insecurities i don't think it's
possible to be
fully rid of your insecurities or at
least like i think everyone has them and
you kind of become aware of them you
manage them you know
maybe one day you can live without them
sure but like i think insecurities make
who you are right
so when i say confidence that's what i'm
referring to right i think
go ahead can i ask you kind of just a
random question that i i don't think
we've talked about and i find myself
being really curious about this
so what is what is what have your
romantic relationships been like
good i've had three girlfriends
that's it and they've been good you know
uh
you know i think they you know
when i talk honestly with them i think
they you know they open up
you know you know i actually just had
this conversation recently with
uh my current girlfriend and we were
talking about when she first met me
versus
you know what she knows of me now you
know what she knows of me now you know
she knows i'm like a nice guy and you
know
i'm softer than inside but when she
first met me when she first looked at me
you know she thought i was just
this douchebag she even
went as far as me you know me even when
as far as saying you know
she could see me snapping becoming you
know serial killer or some [ __ ] right
like
like these are the things right that are
admitted like once you like get close
enough with someone where they're where
they they lose nothing admitting these
things to you right i've been told that
by a lot of people the serial killer
remark i've been told that by
so many people and it's the eyes it's
the eyes i don't know what it is listen
with my eyes what what i looked at you
already we did this we played this game
so i i don't know what that does to like
i'm just so professionally like i don't
know what what it does to a human being
to be told by multiple people that
i thought you look like a serial killer
like what the [ __ ] man
what does that do to someone
well to be fair she was just using it as
an example to like she thinks i would
like you know
you know beat someone's ass if they
pissed me off right she was like but
other people
when they say that i think they're being
serious i don't think she was being i
don't think she'd date me if she was
she thought that right i don't because
like she's she's like a good girl right
so i don't think she'd date me if she
thought that but when other people tell
me that
you know i don't know i don't know i
guess the people that tell me that i
don't really [ __ ] with
so i'm kind of happy they think that
because i don't want them coming near me
so i think it works it's a win-win
does that make any sense yeah i mean so
i don't know man trained you've
i i don't know that i'm i'm just so
conflicted between
my heart going out to you and also like
thinking that
if if you did have a gigantic amount of
cognitive bias or projection
or view of the world how would that
happen it would be
like you know a 15 year old kid being
told that they look like a serial killer
i mean it's
i don't know that you were 15 at the
time 18 years old 19 year old i do want
to make clear
the reference i made it was more of like
a metaphoric thing of like how mad i'd
get
right with my girlfriend's i don't know
the other the other people i don't know
i just want to make that clear because
that's not fair i i've been on this
earth for 38 years and no one has ever
called me
a serial killer in any way shape or form
even jokingly metaphorically
if there is something that i'm doing
right i can't even think like even if i
told
even if i roasted somebody told him to
suck my dick and [ __ ] off i don't even
think that would
would justify their silicone thing so i
don't know what i'm doing right
they're watching me behind the screen so
what could i be doing
so that's that's a damn good question
right so like you you have a lot of good
hypotheses you have it's it's my voice
it's my face it's my gaze i think all
those make sense but then i think i i
gotta think
there are some things you're doing right
because you're doing this weird [ __ ]
like showing a bunch of people your high
school photo
could it be my demeanor
uh that's the thing i i don't know if it
could be demeanor or attitude
or mindset or like whether there's some
weird ass because i think you certainly
sound like you're projecting like when
when i hear people
go into a lot of detail about what other
people are thinking that usually is
coming from you
it's not coming from that right if you
think about someone who's got social
anxiety for example they're like you
walk into
like a room and they're like yeah these
people all think i look like stupid
and like the the more they double down
on knowing what is in someone else's
head the more likely they are
to be incorrect the real problem
but but these things weren't here until
they were said it's like
you know that's that makes sense it does
so that's that's where i'm really
conflicted because i don't know if
you're just you're pulling the same
biodeterminism [ __ ] that an incel is
or if this is actually like you know
because it's not like
you know incel is it's such a common
phenomenon that you can't
it's not just one person's psychology
right like well the thing is with an
end cell and cells projecting all that
onto you know and they
they they hate women or whatever right i
it's not the case where i'm sitting here
like hating everybody i
i'm i just go about my life i i just
have to have to work a little harder
i put it on myself i don't think they
put it on themselves they put it on the
people
right i think insult puts it on the
women i'm putting this on myself right
that's why i have to constantly give
disclaimers that's why i'm constantly
adding laughs to the end of my jokes
i'm taking responsibility realizing that
if this is how it is i need to maybe
work a little harder
to get to the base minimum i'm not
putting it on them right if that was the
case [ __ ]
right so yeah that makes sense i'm with
you i think that's very
different it's a huge difference i think
it makes you adaptive and
makes it healthy the thing that i still
don't want to accept
because i care about you and i like you
is that it has to be that way at all
i just don't want to accept that
so i i don't know i mean i think you
could be right but well
if i'm not right then hey let me know
because i'd love to you know i'd love to
change it
but let me ask you this when i change my
when i change my uh tone of voice and
i'm you know accepted in and well
received and everyone's cool
how can that be like refuted really like
how can you explain that phenomenon i
guess
like right very very simply and this is
hard but the the real question is
whether that actually happens
right so your perception is that when
you change your voice
people treat you in a different way oh
for sure
i'll make you vods right so so that's
that's what the in cell says for sure
i'll show you all this data about how i
was rejected by women because of my
jawline
no because that's that's made up that's
in their heads like they're being
rejected because
their insecurity their jaw line is
seeping through them physically and the
girls recognizing that right
but there's a difference there no but
the whole point is that you have an
opinion that you are saying this is
reality you have a particular way of
interpreting events
that you say is reality
yeah but what i'm being told by these
group of people by
the leaders of themselves in cells get
told too right like the only thing is
that they have a
they have a cognitive bias that causes
them to filter
certain kinds of information and then
they believe that
reality is a particular way let me let
me
read this you know this is a very
awkward situation because there's this
whole
meme based on some of the things that i
preach and say
of this in-cell stuff so people are
going to eat this the hell up but they
can suck my dick but realistically i'll
read you
the message so you can see that i'm not
projecting or adding some things in
there you can
i will read this out loud to you you can
tell me what you take from it okay
okay let me find it i mean you can tell
me
give me a sec i'm not going to tell you
from who i'll tell you privately but
you know what i mean i've already said
on my stream 100 times
yeah so just while we're waiting i want
to echo once again that i
you know this is i really could be wrong
here i just i just don't know
i don't think that this it just fits the
pattern train but it doesn't
feel accurate to me if that makes sense
[Music]
sorry i zoned either okay here we go
here it is here to service
okay here we go
okay okay so
this individual says
lol to be honest you have an
intimidating presence
i thoroughly enjoy playing with you and
i'm always down to play more
but the lobby gets upset when people
raise their voices even a little
i hope you didn't take offense i didn't
mean your intimidating presence thing in
a bad way at all
but that's just that so that's exactly
what i was told to me right so this is
what's being told to me right
so either i am mistaken what she just or
what this individual just said
and i'm delusional like an incel or
this person just explained exactly what
i'm trying to explain to you happens
so here's the question how what happens
when other people raise their voices
uh you know i i gotta think i don't know
i i gotta i gotta sit in on these people
like because i i've
heard so much [ __ ] about among us
i have to just listen to you guys
playing this [ __ ] game
because i haven't done that yet i'm just
curious like
what like i like i just yeah dude i i
don't know i don't know that we're gonna
like i i want data i want my own data
well here's the thing i don't have an
issue with it with it right like i
haven't like
changed the way i treat people i still
do the things that i do i still do what
i believe i still
you know do my good stuff it's not that
like i haven't like become
what's the word i'm looking for i
haven't become uh
jaded because of this i haven't become
some douchebag and just dismissing
everyone [ __ ] everybody like not the
case
i just i just recognize it and
i try to just hang around people that
know me and the ones that don't it is
what it is right
like we'll have a conversation or two so
like that's the that's the main
difference i think right i think you
just wanted to know a little deeper of
how it felt
and yeah it doesn't feel good but that's
just that's kind of just the way it's
been since middle school high school
right so this isn't something new i've
just realized in the streaming world
it's been like this
now i guess you could go as far as
saying well what's the common
denominator and all these you
so the problem could be you right that's
a completely logical
thing to come to right and i could
definitely
understand you know that but you know
over the internet
so when i'm in person now that i'm over
the internet when i'm being told like
you have an intimidating presence
i'm not doing anything right like i'm
literally not doing anything
yeah yeah does that make any sense i
mean i guess i guess i guess you could
argue that maybe
subconsciously some sort of projection
or insecurity seeking through and
i guess you could argue that but how
could i control that if it's
subconscious
that just sounds like psychological
[ __ ] to me so so here's
here's kind of where where i am right
now is like i i think i think train
yeah i mean i i think you
i like the word intense
more so than intimidating i like intense
too
well i i i just always think that as a
negative thing
but now i just realize it means i think
it's it's sort of like
i i think you have a certain charisma
too and it's not
it i kind of think about do you play d d
i don't but i've heard it's very fun
okay so like
i sort of think about charisma not
necessarily as making you likeable but
that you have like a force of
personality that can influence other
people right so it's it's not just that
you can be
it's like you can be intimidating you
can be inspiring
and like people have different sort of
flavors of charisma i like that i like
that a lot actually
but but i i think it's just something
about who you are i mean i have it too
it's just mine is a different color from
yours
right and and so so
it's been interesting to see what it
impact you can have on other people
just by virtue of your presence which is
probably an amalgamation
of things like the way that you speak
subconscious tendencies
your voice i will admit i will admit one
thing dr k
there is one thing that i think adds to
it that i am in control of that i'm 100
responsible for
like when i think about it there's one
thing that i know i can stop
or at least be more attentive to it or
like be more aware of it
and it's a flaw that makes if you want
to call it a passive worse
and it's my it's my
combativeness it's my extreme
defensiveness
so like if you come at me with something
right like i'll take it and then i'm
coming back
right it's that so i think that is
actually something that
i would have a control over and i do
have a controller and i need to work on
because i think that actually would add
a negative thing to it all right
does that make sense yeah why do you do
that
i don't know i was just i guess it was
just the friend i don't know the way the
way me and my friend
listen i had a [ __ ] up friend group my
friend group
there was no you know
mature classy arguments there was no you
know disagreeing and moving on there was
no shaking hands
every single disagreement
was a punch of the mouth it was all fist
fights
probably three four five hundred plus
fist fights just in the period of like
high school
within my group of friends and that was
my friends and then obviously the high
school experience was [ __ ] terrible
that was just psychological bullying
so like that's just kind of where i am
right everything was just kind of uh
you know you come at me i come at you
you get coming right it was just back
and forth
does that make sense yeah i think that
could explain a lot of what we're
talking about because like i wonder if
that attitude
seeps through even if you don't
wait for people to come at you
right you may be signaling to people
train that
if you come at me i'm gonna come at you
yeah 100 i think that's definitely
something that's there 100
yes i think for sure i give up [ __ ]
is that not like relevant to you being
intimidated because everyone has that
right now if i if i if i call out let's
say uh bigdick6974 and say hey
what's up [ __ ] you have a big ass
nose what do you think he's gonna say
he's gonna say
look who's talking [ __ ] dome head big
ass head [ __ ]
gigantic ass bobble head right that's
what i'm talking about we'll just go
back and forth
but but i don't know that big ass dick
ass
997 is
is gonna is gonna be
exuding that pheromone
like pheromone isn't like we're talking
like some like crazy [ __ ] we're talking
like the [ __ ] that like the wild in the
kingdom
you know the female gorillas are
attracted to i mean i mean i'm i'm not
i i don't mean literal pheromone i i
mean like like if
if you have a presence where you're sort
of like ready to throw down which sounds
like it could have been conditioned in
you because that's sort of like
where you grew up right like you grew up
around
well no i grew up in a very good place
let's not get that to a stop i don't
want to sound like i'm
from the hood i'm not okay with my
friend group like you said you guys got
into my friend group yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so yeah like so
you were conditioned to be
like on your guard and sort of like let
people know
that you know if you [ __ ] with me like
i'm gonna [ __ ] with you
and i don't think most people like i
don't think i'm i don't think
you know i think i don't think i was
conditioned the same way
like if anything well i'm not gonna hurt
you like i i i'm not the type to punch
in the face i don't like that i just
always do headlocks
i i i get what you're saying but what
like you're the one who said hey i think
that this could be something that i do
that contributes and it
sounds like to me that it could
contribute a lot like i'm agreeing with
you
yeah i agree but but let's not forget
that like i'm never really on the attack
i'm i'm the defensive so like we have to
we have to ask why
the attack is happening in the first
place right sure
but this definitely isn't a good
reaction my reaction is terrible so
here's here's what i'm hearing
is that like you you walk softly and you
carry a big stick that's only six and a
half inches but yeah
right pretty thick though
and i'm cut okay
but you know it's something to think
about train like whether whether that
sort of
readiness is maybe a good way to put it
is part of what contributes to the way
that people respond to you like
there's a certain like readiness and
willingness to throw down
why i had to i had to
it was it was it was what i needed to be
right so yeah what i'm saying is like
absolutely so so
it's what you needed to be and now the
real question is
how much of an influence does that
part that you've carried with you exert
on your interactions
and i'm almost wondering whether like
the the picture the high school picture
is a way to disarm that
i use the high school picture to disarm
everything yep
yeah i mean i don't listen i don't think
listen when i go to conversation
okay what do you think this
if you look at the entire way i talk
does that make sense or you know you
know well you know
this is all to try and add a quirkiness
a a level of like goofiness a level of
unsureness uncertainty because if i just
say
dr k this is what it is how do you think
that's gonna be perceived that's getting
perceived as
cocky thinks he knows everything he's 29
and thinks he's figured out life
right so you i don't know you know you
know i mean does that make any sense i
i can't explain right you have to add
these in there otherwise
believe me whatever's happening now it's
gonna be 50 times [ __ ] worse does
that make any sense
you feel me i i want to see i want to
see the 50 times worse i want to see
that
okay ask me a question
tell me about your girlfriend
that's not [ __ ] fair that's that's a
soft spot right i'm saying
i'm saying ask ask like a question you
know what i'm saying you can't like
right
i'm not gonna say oh well you know she's
a
bad [ __ ] no like she's a good girl
she's you know
a very nice and classy woman you know
good morals good ethics
um you know uh
she's just a good person you know she
has a lot of qualities that
i don't have that i wish i had and
you know i see a you know
version of me in her that i wish one day
i could be i guess
does that make any sense beautiful
beautiful bro because i i think it had
your intensity
it had your presence it had a depth of
voice
it was profound it was intense and it
wasn't scary
it was devoted oh yeah
you asked about my girlfriend if you ask
one of my friends i'm going to tell you
like nice
you know well so but hold on like i mean
if if
if you asked me to step in the ring and
then i'd throw a punch and then you said
nothing below the belt like
you asked me to throw a punch and i
threw a punch
because my whole point is that you can
be intense
you can be passionate and it's not scary
it's [ __ ] amazing dude
it's beautiful
thank you you're beautiful
i love that sweater by the way i don't
mean to break off to different topic
that sweater since day one since i first
saw your channel
i don't know if it's just if it's a
tactic psychologists or psychiatrists
have
that sweater i swear in itself is a cure
to so much like it's almost as if like
this sweater is just it's it's
trustworthy it's cozy i feel like i'm
talking to sanjay gupta on cnn like
like he always has that like blue
sweater on on cnn i'm talking about i
said
same blue sweater he has and then i'm
talking to dr k
here i just i just realized holy [ __ ]
that that may have just sounded racist
because i feel like i'm talking to
sanjay gupta i didn't mean that at all
hope you don't take any offense to that
no good good what i mean is like every
like
good vibe doctor wears a sweater like
that
and that the sweater in itself has to be
like some hairy
have you seen in harry potter they give
you a little like quilt that makes you
invisible
i feel like this is the psychiatry
psychology md
quilt that goes over you and it
it it's like a magnet of
it draws
i don't know i lost my train of thought
completely the point is it's a really
nice sweater i
i mean you know then again my dad has
one of those too
my dad's not a doctor but he has one of
those and i really like it
i used to wear soccer practice anyway
sorry i i went on a whole different road
there
yeah well i you know i'm glad it
turns you on you know it just it's so
cozy i can't explain it entirely it's
just it's very cozy
i feel safe i i'm i'm with you i
appreciate that so i i also so the
reason i love the sweater so this this
[ __ ] it's a high quality thing i wore it
literally like
you know five days a week for four years
or i have
two or three actually is that something
i give to you in med school
no or whatever you go to presidency and
and the reason is because like you know
we work in hospitals and hospitals are
cold and i'm
like a little bit cold-blooded so i
would wear it
all the time um and i i really like it
because it it's just
very very comfortable and keeps me kind
of snug and there
there are some studies that suggest that
um white coats which is what a lot of
doctors wear
uh actually can make people nervous so
it's sort of like white coat is sort of
a symbol of authority
um so i steer clear of the white coat
um and a lot of people do nowadays
actually yeah funny thing
go ahead yeah so a lot of doctors wear
fewer white coats and a lot of nurse
practitioners and physician assistants
are wearing more white coats
yeah white coats are like i feel like
i've been abducted by aliens and they're
about to aimly probe me
you know what i'm talking about yeah
that sweater feels like i've come to
your house and you're ready like you've
opened your mind up to me it seems like
we're
we're on a more human you know level
rather than like an objective specimen
level does that make sense
yeah i'm glad you feel that way i you
know i just wear it because it's comfy
and you know hmm
wow sorry sorry we went off on that
tangent i just kind of
that sweater since since since day one
that you've come on
uh twitch i've been telling myself about
that sweater i just had to say something
okay that's it
okay thanks for sharing thanks for
thanks for listening um
yeah are we at a good stopping point for
today
i guess we are you know what's crazy the
last three sessions we've
stopped so the next session we can get
into the drug use days
and we always talk about some some some
small little avenue
that ends up being this huge topic that
we never intended for
and then we never get to the uh crazy
days of craving chaos right in between
high school and college
you know finding the you know the
identity finding yourself
what helped me come back and cold turkey
and you know not go to any
rehabs or you know rely on suboxone or
anything and just do it full cold turkey
like what
you know gave me that strength you know
i want to go into these things because
i understand that you're a uh uh like
addiction
uh uh psychiatrist right i may have
missed this but i didn't realize you had
a period of extended drug use
oh yeah heroin uh i've used meth before
uh you know percocets oxycontin that was
like probably two years two three years
of my life
crazy that's rough man yeah yeah
you know if you wanted to know it's
crazy too i wanna know what's insane it
was while i was in school
getting both of my degrees and i still
maintain my grades maintain my uh office
hours
while doing this in between it was some
crazy [ __ ] and the two people i did it
with that got me into it
are both doctors today and they were
they were literally pre-med
and i remember like they had to study
for their ocam and their pee
cam and they were just non-stop in the
office hours just doing all the extra
work with the professor because you know
if you
go to office hours they increase your
grade like 23 at the end even if you
don't deserve it
so like it was just an insane [ __ ]
some should have a movie
but you should never lose drugs don't
ever do those drugs terrible [ __ ]
drugs not even once i'll explain next
time why not even once
i have this theory on what not even once
means it's not even about
it's not about the effect of it to you
it's about once you make that your new
base
once you normalize the usage of it the
next time you're
extremely sad the next time you're
extremely broken and vulnerable the next
time you want an escape
it's no longer going to have a drink now
the normal
base is that that's what you're opened
up to because it's so normalized too and
that's what i think that not even once
is
it's some crazy [ __ ] does that make any
sense
i could i could totally bat [ __ ] i guess
this is your avenue no no i mean i i
think
it does it makes sense sort of because i
think it's
it's like the first half of a thought to
me you know i'm really curious about
what else you have to say and to add
context and depth and and flavor to what
you just shared
you know it's sort of like sharing like
you're sharing with me e equals m c
squared and you're saying does it make
sense and it's like i can tell that
that's
a monumental equation but i don't quite
understand it
pretty much uh i don't think people
explain what don't
not even once means i don't think people
really explain that accurately they just
try to
scare the hell out of you um and
yeah next time we can talk about it yeah
i mean next time i think is good let's
just open yeah
open a can of worms with with small
things so yeah but real quick i want to
make sure i reiterate this don't do
drugs don't do any of those drugs don't
do any drugs okay
i'd even go as far hey people are going
to hate me for this i even go as far as
saying marijuana's gateway drug
i didn't go as far as that i'm telling
you shit's [ __ ] crazy but you know i
think it has its good uses don't get me
wrong
medicinally i think you know if you're
going through like some treatment like
cancer stuff like that i think it's it's
a good avenue right
you know but i think i even you know i
would i don't know that's i
have my opinions people are getting
upset about yeah yeah i don't know
yeah i mean i i'd echo as well though i
think drugs are
bad kids yeah um
but okay so train do you feel like
meditating today
of course let's do it sorry i'm
literally like i slept two days
straight my body needed it because like
i was like putting so much work into
streaming
and i ended up waking up like yesterday
at like 7 00 p.m
so right now so like i streamed and i
tried going to bed but i realized i
slept for two days i
i couldn't so i slept like two hours so
i'm kind of like wired off of the tee
and no sleep i feel like no sleep is
more
energizing temporarily than caffeine
it's crazy does that make any sense yeah
i mean that's
actually especially scary if you have
any history
of bipolar bipolar yeah
and yeah i know so you got to be careful
i i don't really know we don't need to
get into that but one thing that i say
to all of my patients who have bipolar
disorder is that
sleep is medicine and is the most
important medicine
so you know i'd say if you feel a little
bit energized sometimes people can kind
of get a second win
things like that but you want to be
really really careful it's the second
one it's not a manic thing
yeah it's definitely a second wind
because yeah
yeah i mean if you slept for two days
and then you woke up and you know it
sounds like you've been up for about
16 hours with a nap in the middle of the
night i took a two i took a two-hour
little nap then i'll probably do another
nap before today's stream i found this
really i found this really good show
called repair shop have you heard of it
very cozy anyways continue let's do this
meditation
okay so let me just think about what
kind of meditation have i taught you ohm
chanting
no you haven't actually i'm actually
interested
so speaking of you know things that will
be
deep and resonant so i i think train i
like to teach you chanting
cause i'm kind of curious what what
would happen if you did it for a little
while
so om chanting we're going to start with
om chanting
and om is composed of three syllables
okay so what we're gonna do is it's
gonna be so
i'll demonstrate one round so i'm gonna
start with making an ah
sound and then we're gonna go into oh
should i crisscross applesauce uh
if you can yeah so the main most
important thing is that your back is
straight
so more important than crisscross
applesauce is i take your elbows off of
your armrests
there we go and so sit up straight and
then if
if your knees um are lower than your
hips that's
ideal if if you're doing crisscross
applesauce oftentimes your knees will be
above your hips
and then you'll slouch forward so yeah i
put them down i realized that was way
too bold of a move i'm not too flexible
i need to do some yoga
so what we're gonna do actually let me
think for a second
yeah okay we'll do i'm chanting okay
so big deep breath
oh
um oh you're demonstrating i'm so stupid
i'm so sorry
it's all good man i didn't realize that
you're demonstrating for me i thought it
was just the follow you that's fine
it's it's okay oh it's fine it's okay
sorry i just realized i was it really
it's not a problem
so a couple of things to note one is
it's over the course of one breath
good job train over the course of one
breath
second thing is that what i want you to
focus on is
vibration not sound
third thing is keep your mouth nice and
open
okay so okay ah
okay okay now sit up straight sit up
straight sorry
yeah oh sorry here we go and then
so we're gonna do one together okay so
deep breath
[Music]
in
yeah the push talks messing with me yeah
it's okay
so sit up straight don't slouch between
rounds
right so stay anchored and now we're
going to do three rounds okay so
it's going to be deep breath uh um
brief period of silence afterward before
we take the next deep breath
we'll do three rounds and then we'll sit
in silence for a little bit
and just feel the
um sort of the aftermath of the
vibration after we're done with our
three rounds
okay okay and then we'll sit silently
with our eyes closed for maybe about 60
seconds
and then i'll prompt you when we kind of
come back okay is it possible to push
the talk off and try it once because
when it freezes i feel like you've gone
i'm gonna just i i we're gonna do push
to i'm gonna keep push to talk on but
i'm gonna just
leave it i'm gonna leave my hand on the
finger
okay okay so let's begin so deep breath
in
oh
[Music]
breathe in
oh
[Music]
again
oh
[Music]
beautiful we're going to do two more a
lot of power train give me everything
you got
deep breath in
[Laughter]
[Music]
beautiful one more time
you
wow
that is so calming
i was so wired a second ago and like i'm
just like i'm like balanced now
i have a meeting in like 30 minutes
that's crazy
good what does that do like like
am i just exerting a certain energy
that's just kind of
that i'm like like is that is that
excess energy that i'm like exhausting
into the planet is that like what's
making me feel calm
part of it so ohm chanting does
thousands see that was a good breath
right there at the end just letting it
out right
yeah so it does several things so one is
it does should be
should he is cleansing so i think that's
where you were
so you were a lot of excess energy
excess
thoughts focusing your mind on one thing
letting those things go
kind of grounding other thing that it
does
is so it does should be which is
cleansing it does like the generation of
shakti
which is energy so it's kind of like
stoking the fire within you
um and if you think about fire like fire
burns away impurities
and also like you know gets hot
and then um the last thing
is that the post chanting phase so om
chanting actually has
four parts and the fourth part is
actually the post
chanting silence when you stop breathing
so i don't know if you notice this but
after the long breath
you'll kind of have a deep breath in and
then you'll be like
not breathe for like 15 20 maybe even 30
seconds
and it's that period of stillness where
the real money is
um but yeah it certainly is cleansing
putting off excess energy it also
creates vibration
and i don't i don't know if this makes
sense but vibration
um gets things flowing no it does make
sense
so it's sort of you know chanting is a
really good practice there's a reason
why home chanting is
central it's like a spiritual massage
yeah it's a great way to put it yeah
it's like a chakra massage
yeah cool well good luck well thank you
again
yeah thank you thank you so much for
coming on and being so authentic train
thank you for you know um
listening and thank you for being great
and amazing and if you ever need
anything you let me know
what i'm saying i got you
thanks a lot so one thing i'm speaking i
know you've been a big supporter of the
stream i just wanted to let you know
that
um you know our coaching program which i
know you made a sizable donation to
support is actually going really well
we're planning on sending like you know
all the people who made big donations
actually like a
like a quick one-pager about our
outcomes
um but the short answer is that uh
you know because of your support train
we've been able to help
i'm just trying to remember exactly how
much you donated but probably and that's
ongoing right so i can like keep
donating like i can just keep doing it
all
yeah is it like an ongoing thing i'm not
fishing for a donation but
oh i know i know you're not i just yeah
no you're good the quite the opposite
what i'm trying to do is
is is express appreciation and actually
like it's
really helping a lot of people um and
uh are you know i have to be hesitant
about
saying things like this because it's not
really a medical treatment but
we're seeing substantial reductions in
depression and anxiety like
people who come in with moderate to
severe depression
after about 12 to 16 weeks we'll be like
more in the mild to moderate range
and this you guys have to take this with
a grain of salt but the effect size is
actually
quite similar maybe a little bit weaker
than uh 10 to 20 percent weaker than
prozac
in terms of reducing depressive symptoms
so
i i'm really grateful for your support
because it really is like
helping people so we're going to send
you guys a quick one-pager
that sort of shows our outcomes and
stuff this isn't this right here is
enough for me and i
i'm going to keep doing you know keep
helping i just love these these
conversations are absolutely
amazing and it's food for my brain you
know i haven't
you know you know they say if you don't
use it you lose it right and i haven't
used this thing
probably since college so when i talk to
you it's kind of
you know it's reopening doors of course
you know
the logical thinking styles right i mean
not so much what we talk about just
kind of the way we go on whatever thank
you when i talk to you you seem well
practiced at this stuff
you don't seem rusty to me at all
so this is rusty man you must be a force
to be reckoned with when you're kind of
tuned up
so that's awesome man yeah
good luck with your meetings okay thank
you let's talk again soon happy holidays
and happy new year
likewise so next time let's talk about
drug use i'm just going to ask you about
drug use next time
okay let's do it okay all right take
care man bye all right love you bye
you